# CMPT 373: Hope Health Action

## Project Introduction
**[Hope Health Action](https://www.hopehealthaction.org/)** has been working with Haiti, supporting the hospitals believing that every person has the right to quality health-case without discrimination. 
However, there are still hardships, such as storing data on paper and difficulty collecting stories. Our team will be building a web application for staff members of Hope Health Action.
This application will focus on easing the process of storing, verifying, and analyzing MSPP related data, providing consistency between departments, and collecting/showcasing impactful stories.
We will also implement a leaders board as a fun way for staff between departments to interact with each other.

## Team Members + Roles (for Project Iteration 1)
- **[Dr. Brian Fraser](mailto:bfraser@sfu.ca)** *as the Instructor*
- **[Navid Rahimi](mailto:navidr@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Aliasghar Khani](mailto:aka225@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Pranjal Keshari](mailto:pkeshari@sfu.ca)** *as the Scrum Master*
- **[Justin Gregg](mailto:jmgregg@sfu.ca)** *as the Product Owner*
- **[Li Liang](mailto:lianglil@sfu.ca)** *as a Repo Manager*
- **[Shan Ying Yang](mailto:syy7@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Brandon Ong](mailto:bong@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[ZiYang Jiang](mailto:zyjiang@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*

## Team Members + Roles (for Project Iteration 2)
- **[Dr. Brian Fraser](mailto:bfraser@sfu.ca)** *as the Instructor*
- **[Navid Rahimi](mailto:navidr@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Aliasghar Khani](mailto:aka225@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Pranjal Keshari](mailto:pkeshari@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Justin Gregg](mailto:jmgregg@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Li Liang](mailto:lianglil@sfu.ca)** *as a Team Member*
- **[Shan Ying Yang](mailto:syy7@sfu.ca)** *as the Product Owner*
- **[Brandon Ong](mailto:bong@sfu.ca)** *as the Scrum Manager*
- **[ZiYang Jiang](mailto:zyjiang@sfu.ca)** *as the Repo Manager*

## Team Members + Roles (for Project Iteration 3)
- **[Dr. Brian Fraser](mailto:bfraser@sfu.ca)** *as the Instructor*
- **[Navid Rahimi](mailto:navidr@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Aliasghar Khani](mailto:aka225@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Pranjal Keshari](mailto:pkeshari@sfu.ca)** *as the Repo Manager*
- **[Justin Gregg](mailto:jmgregg@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Li Liang](mailto:lianglil@sfu.ca)** *as a Scrum Manager*
- **[Shan Ying Yang](mailto:syy7@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Brandon Ong](mailto:bong@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[ZiYang Jiang](mailto:zyjiang@sfu.ca)** *as the Product Owner*

## Directory Structure

This project is split into two main parts: the front-end and back-end.

```
.
├── README.md
├── back-end/
|   ├── .gradle/
|   ├── .idea/
|   ├── bin/main/hha/website/controllers/
|   ├── gradle/wrapper/
|   ├── src/main/
|   │   ├── java/hha/website/
|   |   |   ├── auth/
|   |   |   ├── config/
|   |   |   ├── controllers/
|   |   |   ├── models/
|   |   |   ├── services/
|   |   |   ├── Application.java
|   |   |   ├── MSPPRepository.java        
|   |   |   └── UserRepository.java
|   │   └── resources/
|   ├── build.gradle
|   ├── gradlew
|   ├── gradlew.bat
|   ├── package-lock.json
|   └── settings.gradle
|
└── front-end/
    ├── public/
    ├── src/
    |    ├── assets/
    |    ├── models/
    |    ├── router/
    |    ├── services/
    |    ├── store/
    |    ├── views/
    |    ├── App.vue
    |    ├── main.ts
    |    ├── shims-vue.d.ts
    |    └── shims-vuex.d.ts
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    ├── tsconfig.json
    ├── vetur.config.js
    └── vue.config.js
```

- `back-end`: the back-end folder
  - `.gradle/`: gradle framework configuration folder
  - `.idea/`: the configuration folder that IntelliJ IDEA comes with
  - `bin/main/hha/website/controllers/`: the *.class files folder; generated by compiling Java source files
  - `gradle/wrapper/`: gradle configuration encapsulation folder
  - `src/main/`: Java source files folder
  - `build.gradle/`: build configuration folder
  - `gradlew`: Gradle start up script for UN*X
  - `gradlew.bat`: Gradle startup script for Windows
- `front-end`: 
  - `src/`: Vue in Typescript source files folder
  - `package-lock.json`: front-end project dependencies configuration
  - `package.json`: front-end project dependencies configuration
  - `tsconfig.json`: Typescript configuration
  - `vetur.config.js`: Vetur plug-in configuration
  - `vue.config.js`: Vue configuration

### Project Requirements
  1. Java 1.8
  2. Gradle 7.1
  3. Springframework.boot 2.5.2
  4. Vue3
  5. Bootstrap 4.6
 
## Build Directions (and Dependencies)
To build the project and produce a .jar file:

If you already ran 'npm install', skip to step 2.

1.Go to the front-end and install all dependencies needed to run the Vue application.More specifically:

    $ cd /prj/front-end
    $ npm install

2.Now you can use the build.gradle file which produces a .jar.

    $ cd ..
    $ cd back-end
    $ ./gradlew build

## Run Instructions

Assuming the user is in the back-end folder:

    $ java -jar ./build/libs/app.jar

or if you want to run back end and front end separately:

    1. go to back-end, build gradle and run \src\main\java\hha\website\Application.java
    2. go to front-end folder in terminal and type "npm run serve"

If all is successful, then you can go the `localhost:8080/login` to see the website.

hard-coded users:

1. admin with username: *admin* and password: *admin* with role *ROLE_ADMIN*

Currently uses in-memory authentication, but need to switch to external database (MySQL, MS-SQL).


